node/electric/src/pages/docs/auth/sign-in-with-google/index.md, before:

---
title: "Sign-in With Google"
description: "Let your users authenticate using their Google accounts."
headerTitle: "Auth"
layout: "guide"
weight: 5
---

### {$page.title}

###### {$page.description}

<aside>

If you are unfamiliar with our API, please visit the [API Clients](/docs/intro/api-clients/) page first to learn how to install and configure it.

</aside>

<article id="1">

## Authenticate

Your users can authenticate in a way that redirects them to Google's sign-in page, where they're going to type their credentials, and then redirect back to your application.

```javascript
var auth = WeDeploy.auth('https://<serviceID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io');

var provider = new auth.provider.Google();
provider.setProviderScope("email");

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider);

auth.onSignIn(function(user) {
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
});
```
```swift
let auth = WeDeploy.auth('https://<serviceID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io');
let provider = AuthProvider(provider: .google, redirectUri: "my-app://")
provider.providerScope = "email"

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider: provider) { (user, error) in
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
}

//Add WeDeploy.auth('https://<serviceID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io').handle(url: url) in AppDelegate's open url method
```
```text/x-java
// In AndroidManifest.xml, declare an intent filter for the Activity you want to receive the token.
// Don't forget to replace [mypackagename] with you application package name.
<intent-filter>
	<action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
	<category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" />
	<category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" />
	<data android:scheme="oauth-wedeploy" android:host="[mypackagename]" />
</intent-filter>

// On your Activity:
AuthProvider provider = new AuthProvider.Builder()
	.redirectUri("oauth-wedeploy://[mypackagename]")
	.provider(Provider.GOOGLE)
	.providerScope("email")
	.build();

WeDeploy.auth(authUrl)
	.signIn(this, provider);

// Use Auth auth = TokenAuth.getAuthFromIntent(intent); to get the token from the Intent
```

<aside>

###### <span class="icon-16-alert"></span> Attention

Sign-in with Google provider is currently not available in Node.js environment.

</aside>

</article>

<article id="2">

## Setup app client id and secret

Create a client id and client secret by [registering your application](https://developers.google.com/youtube/registering_an_application) on Google.

<aside>

Please be sure to add the callback url `https://<authID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io/oauth/token` in your application.
For local development, use `wedeploy.me` instead. To use with custom domains you can change the sufix `<projectID>.wedeploy.io` for your domain.

</aside>

After retrieving the client id and client secret you can configure them as environment variables of the authentication `wedeploy.json`.

```application/json
{
	"id": "auth",
	"image": "wedeploy/auth",
	"env": {
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GOOGLE": "true",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID": "<your-google-client-id>",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET": "<your-google-client-secret>"
	}
}
```

Or you can add those environment variables [using the Console](/docs/intro/environment-variables/#2).

![Service Environment](/images/docs/auth/sign-in-with-google--project-container-environment.png)

</article>

## What's next?

Now we're ready to start enabling other [login providers with GitHub](/docs/auth/sign-in-with-github/).

Commit message:

Add a link to an article about using Auth in React Native

node/electric/src/pages/docs/auth/sign-in-with-google/index.md, after:

---
title: "Sign-in With Google"
description: "Let your users authenticate using their Google accounts."
headerTitle: "Auth"
layout: "guide"
weight: 5
---

### {$page.title}

###### {$page.description}

<aside>

If you are unfamiliar with our API, please visit the [API Clients](/docs/intro/api-clients/) page first to learn how to install and configure it.

</aside>

<article id="1">

## Authenticate

Your users can authenticate in a way that redirects them to Google's sign-in page, where they're going to type their credentials, and then redirect back to your application.

```javascript
var auth = WeDeploy.auth('https://<serviceID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io');

var provider = new auth.provider.Google();
provider.setProviderScope("email");

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider);

auth.onSignIn(function(user) {
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
});
```
```swift
let auth = WeDeploy.auth('https://<serviceID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io');
let provider = AuthProvider(provider: .google, redirectUri: "my-app://")
provider.providerScope = "email"

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider: provider) { (user, error) in
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
}

//Add WeDeploy.auth('https://<serviceID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io').handle(url: url) in AppDelegate's open url method
```
```text/x-java
// In AndroidManifest.xml, declare an intent filter for the Activity you want to receive the token.
// Don't forget to replace [mypackagename] with you application package name.
<intent-filter>
	<action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
	<category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" />
	<category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" />
	<data android:scheme="oauth-wedeploy" android:host="[mypackagename]" />
</intent-filter>

// On your Activity:
AuthProvider provider = new AuthProvider.Builder()
	.redirectUri("oauth-wedeploy://[mypackagename]")
	.provider(Provider.GOOGLE)
	.providerScope("email")
	.build();

WeDeploy.auth(authUrl)
	.signIn(this, provider);

// Use Auth auth = TokenAuth.getAuthFromIntent(intent); to get the token from the Intent
```

<aside>

###### <span class="icon-16-alert"></span> Attention

Sign-in with Google provider is currently not available in Node.js environment. In React Native, Auth requires interacting with incoming and outgoing app links. Please read [here](https://help.wedeploy.com/user-authentication/how-to-setup-oauth-in-react-native) or check out our [boilerplate application](https://github.com/wedeploy/boilerplate-auth/tree/react-native).

</aside>

</article>

<article id="2">

## Setup app client id and secret

Create a client id and client secret by [registering your application](https://developers.google.com/youtube/registering_an_application) on Google.

<aside>

Please be sure to add the callback url `https://<authID>-<projectID>.wedeploy.io/oauth/token` in your application.
For local development, use `wedeploy.me` instead. To use with custom domains you can change the sufix `<projectID>.wedeploy.io` for your domain.

</aside>

After retrieving the client id and client secret you can configure them as environment variables of the authentication `wedeploy.json`.

```application/json
{
	"id": "auth",
	"image": "wedeploy/auth",
	"env": {
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GOOGLE": "true",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID": "<your-google-client-id>",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET": "<your-google-client-secret>"
	}
}
```

Or you can add those environment variables [using the Console](/docs/intro/environment-variables/#2).

![Service Environment](/images/docs/auth/sign-in-with-google--project-container-environment.png)

</article>

## What's next?

Now we're ready to start enabling other [login providers with GitHub](/docs/auth/sign-in-with-github/).
