ui/src/pages/docs/auth/sign-in-with-github.md, before:

---
title: "Sign-in With GitHub"
description: "You can let your users authenticate using their GitHub Accounts by integrating GitHub Sign-In into your app."
headerTitle: "Auth"
layout: "guide"
weight: 4
---

### {$page.title}

###### {$page.description}

<article id="1">

## Sign-in with gitHub

To sign in by redirecting to the sign-in page, call `signInWithRedirect`:


```javascript
var auth = WeDeploy.auth('http://<serviceID>.<projectID>.wedeploy.io');

var provider = new auth.provider.Github();
provider.setProviderScope("user:email");

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider);

auth.onSignIn(function(user) {
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
});
```
```swift
let auth = WeDeploy.auth("http://<serviceID>.<projectID>.wedeploy.io");
let provider = AuthProvider(provider: .github, redirectUri: "my-app://")
provider.providerScope = "user:email"

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider: provider) { (user, error) in
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
}

//Add WeDeploy.auth("http://<serviceID>.<projectID>.wedeploy.io").handle(url: url) in AppDelegate's open url method	
```

<aside>

###### <span class="icon-16-alert"></span> Attention

Sign-in with GitHub provider is currently not available in Node.js and React Native environments.

</aside>

</article>

<article id="2">

## Setup app client id and secret

Create a client id and client secret by [registering your application](https://github.com/settings/applications/new) on GitHub. 

<aside>

Please be sure to add the callback url `http://<auth-container-id>.<project-id>.wedeploy.io/oauth/token` in your application.
For local development, use `wedeploy.me` instead. To use with custom domains you can change the sufix `<project-id>.wedeploy.io` for your domain.

</aside>

After retrieving the client id and client secret you can configure them as environment variables of the authentication `container.json`.

```application/json
{
	"id": "auth",
	"name": "Auth",
	"type": "wedeploy/auth",
	"env": {
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GITHUB": "true",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID": "<your-github-client-id>",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET": "<your-github-client-secret>"
	}
}
```

Or you can add those environment variables using the dashboard.

![Project Container Environment](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1435318/20008146/296d8a62-a27e-11e6-9e5a-f54bac5a5a85.png)

</article>

## What's next?

* Now we're ready to start [enabling other login providers into your app](/docs/auth/sign-in-with-google.html).

Commit message:

Add documentation about sign-in with OAuth
In some environments, like React Native and React VR,
some additional work should be done by the application
developer. The process is documented together with some
example code.

Fixes #165

ui/src/pages/docs/auth/sign-in-with-github.md, after:

---
title: "Sign-in With GitHub"
description: "You can let your users authenticate using their GitHub Accounts by integrating GitHub Sign-In into your app."
headerTitle: "Auth"
layout: "guide"
weight: 4
---

### {$page.title}

###### {$page.description}

<article id="1">

## Sign-in with gitHub

To sign in by redirecting to the sign-in page, call `signInWithRedirect`:


```javascript
var auth = WeDeploy.auth('http://<serviceID>.<projectID>.wedeploy.io');

var provider = new auth.provider.Github();
provider.setProviderScope("user:email");

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider);

auth.onSignIn(function(user) {
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
});
```
```swift
let auth = WeDeploy.auth("http://<serviceID>.<projectID>.wedeploy.io");
let provider = AuthProvider(provider: .github, redirectUri: "my-app://")
provider.providerScope = "user:email"

auth.signInWithRedirect(provider: provider) { (user, error) in
	// Fires when user is signed in after redirect.
}

//Add WeDeploy.auth("http://<serviceID>.<projectID>.wedeploy.io").handle(url: url) in AppDelegate's open url method	
```

<aside>

###### <span class="icon-16-alert"></span> Attention

Sign-in with Github provider is currently not available in Node.js. For React Native and React VR, please see [here](/docs/auth/oauth-react-native-vr.html).

</aside>

</article>

<article id="2">

## Setup app client id and secret

Create a client id and client secret by [registering your application](https://github.com/settings/applications/new) on GitHub. 

<aside>

Please be sure to add the callback url `http://<auth-container-id>.<project-id>.wedeploy.io/oauth/token` in your application.
For local development, use `wedeploy.me` instead. To use with custom domains you can change the sufix `<project-id>.wedeploy.io` for your domain.

</aside>

After retrieving the client id and client secret you can configure them as environment variables of the authentication `container.json`.

```application/json
{
	"id": "auth",
	"name": "Auth",
	"type": "wedeploy/auth",
	"env": {
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GITHUB": "true",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID": "<your-github-client-id>",
		"WEDEPLOY_AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET": "<your-github-client-secret>"
	}
}
```

Or you can add those environment variables using the dashboard.

![Project Container Environment](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1435318/20008146/296d8a62-a27e-11e6-9e5a-f54bac5a5a85.png)

</article>

## What's next?

* Now we're ready to start [enabling other login providers into your app](/docs/auth/sign-in-with-google.html).
